=pod

=head1 NAME

appliance-creator, creates pre-installed appliance images and meta-data.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<appliance-creator> [OPTIONS]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<appliance-creator> creates pre-installed appliance images from kickstart files. Kickstart files contain the information about packages and configurations that are built into the image.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item -h, --help

Shows a help message and exits.

=back

=head1 IMAGE OPTIONS

These options define the created appliance image.

=over 4

=item -c KSCFG, --config=KSCFG

Path to kickstart config file

=item -n NAME, --name=NAME 

Name of appliance image to be created (default based on config name)

=item -f FORMAT, --format=FORMAT

Disk format, this will take any input that qemu-img convert will take (raw, qcow2, vmdk, ...) Note: not all disk formats with work with all virt technologies.

=item --vmem=VMEM

Amount of virtual memory for appliance in MB (default: 512)

=item --vcpu=VCPU

Number of virtual cpus for appliance (default: 1)

=item --checksum 

Generate a checksum for the created appliance

=back

=head1 SYSTEM DIRECTORY OPTIONS

These options define the way the created Appliance is packaged

=over 4

=item -p PACKAGE, --package=PACKAGE

Package format, will package up output, disk images and meta into a package.  Currently only "zip", "zip.64", "tar", "tar.gz", "tar.bz2" are supported. (default is "none")


=item -i INCLUDE, --include=INCLUDE 

path to a file or dir to include in the appliance package

=item -o OUTDIR, --outdir=OUTDIR 

output directory

=back


=head1 SYSTEM DIRECTORY OPTIONS

These options define directories used on your system for creating the appliance image

=over 4

=item -t TMPDIR, --tmpdir=TMPDIR

Temporary directory to use (default: /var/tmp)

=item --cache=CACHEDIR

Cache directory to use (default: private cache)

=back

=head1 Debugging options

These options define extra options for debugging 

=over 4

=item -d, --debug 

Output debugging information

=item -v, --verbose

Output verbose progress information

=item --logfile=FILE

Save debug information to FILE

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Appliance Example

appliance-creator \
 -n ThinCrust
--config /usr/share/doc/appliance-tools-%{version}/aos-rawhide.ks \
--cache=/var/tmp/act

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

David Huff, Joey Boggs, Bryan kearney, Daniel P. Berrange, and a team of other contributors.

=head1 BUGS

Report bugs to the mailing list C<http://www.redhat.com/mailman/listinfo/thincrust-devel-list> or directly to BugZilla C<http://bugzilla.redhat.com/bugzilla/> against the C<Fedora> product, and the C<appliance-tools> component. 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) Fedora Project 2008, and various contributors. This is free software. You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of the GNU General Public License C<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law. 

=head1 SEE ALSO

C<qemu-img(1)>,C<virt-iamge(1),C<virt-iamge(5)
project website C<http://thincrust.org/>

=cut
