=pod

=head1 NAME

ec2-converter, creates ready to bundle EC2 AMI disk images for Amazon's EC2.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<ec2-converter> [OPTIONS]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<ec2-converter> creates creates ready to bundle EC2 AMI disk images for Amazon's EC2.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item -h, --help

Shows a help message and exits.

=back

=head1 IMAGE OPTIONS

These options define the converted EC2 AMI image.

=over 4

=item -f IMAGEFILE --imagefile=IMAGEFILE

Image filename or directory to convert

=item -n IMAGENAME, --imagename=IMAGENAME 

Name of EC2 AMI image to be created (default based on config name)

=item --inputtype=INPUTTYPE

Input image type valid options are: (loopbackfs, diskimage, directory)

=item --ssh=(yes/no)

Configure ssh to allow remote logins, default is yes,set to no if ssh is not installed

=item  --rpmcheck=(yes/no)

Perform rpm package checks (curl/openssh-server), default is yes, set to no to override

=back

=head1 SYSTEM DIRECTORY OPTIONS

These options define directories used on your system for creating the AMI image

=over 4

=item -t TMPDIR, --tmpdir=TMPDIR

Temporary directory to use (default: /var/tmp)

=item --cache=CACHEDIR

Cache directory to use (default: private cache)

=back


=head1 EXAMPLES

Convert a partitioned disk image created by appliance-creator

    ec2-converter -f testimage.raw --inputtype=diskimage

Convert a loopback filesystem image

    ec2-converter -f /tmp/testimage.img --inputtype=loopbackfs

Convert a directory containing a root filesystem

    ec2-converter -f /tmp/directory --inputtype=directory


=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

Joey Boggs <jboggs@redhat.com>

=head1 BUGS

Report bugs to the mailing list C<http://www.redhat.com/mailman/listinfo/thincrust-devel-list> or directly to BugZilla C<http://bugzilla.redhat.com/bugzilla/> against the C<Fedora> product, and the C<appliance-tools> component. 

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) Fedora Project 2008, and various contributors. This is free software. You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of the GNU General Public License C<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law. 

=head1 SEE ALSO

project website C<http://thincrust.org/>

=cut
